How to Make Apple Pie
(French Apple Pie Recipe)
I love homemade pies.
But pies are really tough to make from
scratch and require hours in the
kitchen, right?
Well, not with these great recipes.
Hi, I'm Cricket Azima.
We're going to start with a holiday
classic, Impossibly Easy Pumpkin Pie.
You'll be amazed at how easy it is to
make, mainly because the crust is
actually inside the pie.
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees.
Start with some Bisquick.
In a bowl, combine the Bisquick with
some canned pumpkin, not pumpkin pie
mix, sugar, evaporated milk, melted
butter or margarine, egg, vanilla, and
pumpkin pie spice.
After you've mixed all the ingredients
together, you're going to pour the
batter into a greased
nine inch pie plate.
You'll bake it at 350 degrees
for about 35 to 40 minutes.
And that's it.
Wasn't that quick and easy?
Then you can serve it with some whipped
cream, vanilla ice cream, or
even sprinkle some nuts
or cinnamon on top.
Now this pie is about as
iconic as it gets.
Impossibly Easy French Apple Pie.
Preheat the oven to 325.
Spray a nine inch pie pan
with cooking spray.
Mix thinly sliced peeled apples,
cinnamon, and nutmeg together.
Try using different types of apples,
like empire, regent, or spartan, for
different flavors.
Then, pour your mixture
into the pie pan.
You can also experiment with other
filling like peaches or fresh berries.
Next up is to make a batter
starting with Bisquick.
Add sugar, milk, eggs, and softened
butter or margarine.
Once you've mixed the ingredients
together, pour them over the apples.
And then, we're onto the last step.
In a separate bowl, make a streusel
topping by mixing Bisquick, some firm
butter, brown sugar, and
some chopped nuts.
Then, I'm going to use a fork to break
up the ingredients until they're
really well combined into
a crumbly texture.
Sprinkle the topping over the pie.
I'm going to spread the topping
evenly to cover the apples.
Now, you're going to bake a
pie for 45 to 50 minutes.
Once your pie is done, you can serve
it warm and top it with vanilla ice
cream, or even some homemade
whipped cream.
So there you go.
Delicious, Homemade, and impossibly
easy pies that can be made
in no time at all.
I'm Cricket Azima, bringing you great
ideas from Betty Crocker and Howdini.
To see more of our videos for easy
recipes you can make with your kids or
for your family, visit us at
bettycrocker.com/bisquickideas.